guys back again I'm doing some more
video beam shots of the flashes that I
have next time I have the shadow jam 26
and shadow of SL 3 these are their
newest lights the compact single
lithium-ion either 26 650 or 18 650
batteries the JM 26 of the single XML
with a smooth reflector very good
performer 37 36 thousand Lux at 1 meter
and the shadow SL 3 is the triple XML
this thing puts out a massive amount of
light I think it's a fifteen hundred
lumens so this one is made for the wrong
one is made for flooding I'm really
liking the SL three because it's a great
overall light it's the first time I'm
gonna show the s are the JM 26 which is
the thrower here it is
so again that bucket out there is 200
feet and then there's a tree line above
it that is 430 feet away so this is a
very good thrower nice wide diameter
deep reflector so it's a pretty good
performer and up next I'm gonna be
showing the shadow SL 3 again this is
the triple xml so it's gonna probably
flood everything from here down to 200
feet and maybe not reach farther than
that but it's 50 hundred lumens at a
very compact package so here's the
shadow SL 3 as expected it's a very good
area light and it does have some throw
to it so I can't see the bucket out
there very well and basically everything
in the viewfinder that I'm seeing here
is well lit up and the same as what I'm
seeing very good area light fifteen
hundred lumens compact single 26 650 or
single 18 650 so you can choose if you
want throw you can choose that Jam 26
from shadow or if you want some flood
and a little bit of throw you can choose
the shadow SL 3 or if you're crazy you
can just get both so this with the
shadow SL 3 and again I'll show the dish
shadow Jam 26 the thrower
three modes this is a high mode again
that's all three here so if you're just
in the shadow SL 3 or shadow GM 26 I'll
leave a link down below if you want to
purchase them again this is jason from
se flashlights thanks for watching